c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\bin\Debug\khachsan.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.Form1.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\bin\Debug\Hotel.mdf
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\bin\Debug\Hotel_log.ldf
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\bin\Debug\khachsan.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\bin\Debug\khachsan.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.Phong.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.Khachhang.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.DoDung.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.ChiTietDoDung.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.ChiTietHDDV.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.DichVu.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.HoaDonDV.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.HoaDonTraPhong.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.KiemTraDoDung.resources
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\bin\Debug\khachsan.exe.config
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.exe
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.pdb
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\bin\Debug\Hotel.mdf
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\bin\Debug\Hotel_log.ldf
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\bin\Debug\khachsan.exe
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\bin\Debug\khachsan.pdb
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.Form1.resources
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.HoaDonDV.resources
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.Properties.Resources.resources
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.frmMain.resources
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.frmChiTietDoDung.resources
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.frmChiTietHDDV.resources
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.frmDichVu.resources
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.frmDoDung.resources
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.frmHoaDonTraPhong.resources
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.frmKhachHang.resources
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.frmKiemTraDoDung.resources
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.frmPhong.resources
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
E:\ThucTapNhom\Project\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.GUI.frmLogin.resources
E:\Nam_3_Kỳ2\Thuctapnhom\khach san de day mau\khachsan\khachsan\bin\Debug\khachsan.exe.config
E:\Nam_3_Kỳ2\Thuctapnhom\khach san de day mau\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.exe
E:\Nam_3_Kỳ2\Thuctapnhom\khach san de day mau\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.pdb
