c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\bin\Debug\khachsan.exe.config
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.Form1.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\bin\Debug\Hotel.mdf
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\bin\Debug\Hotel_log.ldf
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\bin\Debug\khachsan.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\bin\Debug\khachsan.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.exe
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.Phong.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.Khachhang.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.DoDung.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.ChiTietDoDung.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.ChiTietHDDV.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.DichVu.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.HoaDonDV.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.HoaDonTraPhong.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\khachsan\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.KiemTraDoDung.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\bin\Debug\khachsan.exe.config
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\bin\Debug\Hotel.mdf
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\bin\Debug\Hotel_log.ldf
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\bin\Debug\khachsan.exe
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\bin\Debug\khachsan.pdb
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.ChiTietDoDung.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.ChiTietHDDV.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.DichVu.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.DoDung.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.Form1.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.HoaDonDV.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.HoaDonTraPhong.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.Khachhang.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.KiemTraDoDung.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.Phong.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Administrator\Desktop\TTN-NS\Khachsan\khachsan\KS\khachsan\obj\Debug\khachsan.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
